there's only a few things I really care
about in life my body my pan my ride
my family my church my boys my girls and
my boy my body my pad my ride my family
my church my boys my girls my poor body
pad ride family church choice sir
[Music]
that's her that's definitely her she's a
dime oh this feels more than a diaper
oh my god will you in love with this
girl right so I've seen this girl oh my
god what's the name what's the name
why'd you say yes to me I'm just gonna
have to wait to find out all right I got
time be cute I like you oh yeah
yeah Lizzie you wanna know the truth
you're the most beautiful thing I've
ever seen in my life
you like movies I watch too many movies
the pretty woman the pretty man
I mean they drive off into the sunset
everyone knows his fake I love you he's
like that yeah great but they watch it
like it's real life baby what are you
doing I was just reading you man no you
weren't
she caught me watching coins that's it
right how do you watch all the stupid
movies are you watch movies and poor
doll eyes if Red John they give a once
the movies they give awards for point
so there's only a few things that really
care about in life I don't know if I
really want to watch some kids look what
you did if you want to lose yourself you
have to lose yourself another person
it's a two-way thing I thought you would
different and maybe stop me try
something new
[Music]